# Umbra and the Demon Lords
## Lord and Lady Dusseaux
The Lady of the Cult —known as Austra Dusseaux, Maria Holstice, and Umbra—was once the stern but capable ruler of a small domain alongside her husband, Lord Boris Dusseaux, in the lands that would later become Ulfgrim. Though their governance promised stability and comfort to compliant subjects, their true purpose lay in necromancy: a ritual designed to drain the life of their people and grant them eternal existence. Lord Dusseaux succeeded in becoming a lich. To prepare for the next time the stars aligned perfectly for this ritual, Boris bound his wife to die and reincarnate a thousand years later. In time, he cultivated a following ready to execute the same ritual for her, so they can spend eternity together. Separated from her this long however cost him his mind, as it decayed over the centuries. In his inaction, both body and phylactery withered away, leaving only a jeweled skull—a demilich—slumbering in endless, mindless eternity, while the promise of his wife’s return lingers as a shadow across history. 

A millennium after her death, Lady Dusseaux was reborn with her memories intact, driven only by the desire to reunite with her husband. Discovering his fate shattered her, yet her curse of endless reincarnation bound her to continue. After years of preperation she reincarnated again, this time as Maria Holstice, baby to Thindar Holstice, herbalist of the Ringkeep. Still capable of great magic deeds, she quickly took over the mind of her mother and orchestrated the infamous “first night of darkness,” escaping with Thindar to plot beneath the Ulfloch. Desperate to awaken her husband’s demilich skull, Umbra sought ever greater disturbances to rouse him— unleashing the demon twins Agathor and Agadûl. Even an earthshattering event like this was not enough to pull Boris back from apathy. 
## The age of the Ringkeepers
This tragedy is a story of love, and how far one can go to recover those who they have lost. Umbra became desperate, what could she do to get her Boris back, what could possibly wake him now? There was only one thing left to try, and all of the pieces were already on the board. A cataclysmic war of planar proportions would do. Orcus once had taken Uligor from Gruumsh, splitting his essence in two and creating the twin Demon Lords. Perhaps if she could reunite them, Gruumsh would reawaken, and would march on the Abyss. If the ensuing war wouldn't be enough to rouse Boris, nothing would. Umbra was desparate, but not blinded by love, she realised that the cataclysm caused by this reunion could destroy not only the material plane (as Gruumsh is sealed in the Darklands), but might upend the very balance keeping all of the planes in check. She did not care, as a world without her Boris was not one worth living in. Umbra went on a quest to recover the unleashed power of Agathor, which was cast into the ether during the uncovering of Deepstone.
## The Prodigal Son
 In the meantime, Agadûl, who deviously had freed himself from Umbra's grasp, returned to Uligor to find and defeat Orcus, the False Prince. To his great frustration, Agadûl found out that the trump cards to his rebellion, Meow N'one and Lozano Vicerion, had perished during his absence. Little could be done about this, as a detective Psychopomp disciple of the Blackhammer recovered their souls and brought them to their respective domains. This would not stop Agadûl however, the short time he was bound to the two heroes, he learned a very important skill from them, one that was never used before in the Abyss: the forming of an alliance. He didn't care if he had to share the spoils afterwards with whoever helped him, as long as he could cast Orcus from his throne. He found this allyship in the Rat King, an amalgamated entity formed from all of the crumbs left by the shattered souls that were destroyed during the age of Orcus' Oph, and after years of preparation, the Prodigal Son and the Rat marched with their armies for the Castle of the False Demon Prince. 

# The war above
## Umbra's path to glory
In the material plane, things weren't stagnant either. In her dark ways, Umbra infiltrated the Kingdom of Tiressea, home of Deepstone, and found that the powers of Agathor hadn't settled in one place. Instead, they manifested in the people of Tiressea, an entire kingdom, corrupted by demonic energy. Not unfamiliar to these magics, she was quickly able to manipulate herself into a position at the top of the Royal Court. A few poisoned daggers, tricks and rituals later, Umbra became regent of Tiressea, crowning herself Queen Austra Dusseaux I of Tiressea. It took little time to convert the already hardy Kingdom of Tiressea into a martial state with the greatest army that Siressea has ever seen. With this army, she marched. First taking the Darklands and securing the binding place of Gruumsh. She then continued, quickly capturing the Free Cities with the help of Ishraq the Eternal, the lich that rules over the easternmost free city: the necropolis Tashir. It was Ishraq's fate to be stopped by the Ringkeepers during their time in the Free Cities, but the looms of fate were rewritten when they died in Nebebat, the Jewel of the West.
## The Siressean War
In Arcadia, Wilhelm Brightrun and Lady Jaina Fightmount discovered the true identity of Queen  Dusseaux, and realised that the time of covert operations was over. They needed to raise an army as well, and they needed to do it *fast*. First allies to join their efforts were the inhabitants of the Lotaari forest. Faced with the state of the world, the Treetenders and the Nightmare Court had put their differences aside. Felbrook quickly followed and so did the nomads of the Dry Wastes. The Arcadian Concord quickly grew in the west, where the dark Tiressean forces did so in the east. Plaveya, caught in the middle, tried to enforce a position of neutrality and organised a parlay between forces in hopes of a ceasefire agreement. 

At the Plaveyan capital Jaina and Wilhelm met Queen Dusseaux and her generals, which quickly proved to be a trap. A few years ago, Dusseaux (as Umbra) had kidnapped Lady Fightmount and kept her underneath the Ulfloch. She performed a ritual slowly taking over her body. While the Ringkeepers did thwart this ritual, Dusseaux did leave some magical imprints on Jaina's soul, ready to be activated at her command. At the fated meeting between forces, the imprints activated: Lady Fightmount suddenly started attacking the demonic generals, triggering a skirmish right then and there. It took the combined efforts of Wilhelm and the entire remaining Arcadian Council to return her to her senses. While no one had died, the aftermath was indisputably horrendous for the Arcadian forces, as Fightmount's outburst did not help the public image of their efforts. Not only did Plaveya choose the Tiressean side in the conflict as a response, the Arcadian Concord started infighting, disputing the capabilities of their current leadership. 

Exploiting this turmoil, Queen Dusseaux marched on the Arcadian lands, taking all but the flying  city itself. As the city was not built for siege, the council decided to unseal the tethers that kept it to the lands it hovered by and flew it off, just it did during the war for Axis and disappeared into nothingness. 

## Fake peace
The world turned to an era of veiled prosperity, the Tiressean's flourished as Arcadians, the Lotaari and all other non Tiressean people buckled under their harsh rule. Tashir became the capital of the Free Cities, now and undead land renamed Tashirin. During the years that followed, many uprisings tried to upend this rule but were quickly squashed. The Tiresseans became easy to discern from non-Tiressean people, as Agathor's influence started to manifest itself through their bodies. Umbra, or by now God-Queen Dusseaux, had been spreading flakes of abyssal essence through the world and spiking local water supplies with it. These very flakes once initiated the Ouroboros investigation. The skin tones of these new Tieflings vary  from bright red to dark purple, and curved horns protrude from their skulls. Their race would in time be referred to as Tieflings, or people from the deep. 
# The War Below
## The Sacking of Oph
During this era of strife, the Abyss did not slumber, the Demonic rebellion of Agadûl and the Rat King against Orcus was in full effect. Thousands of lost souls and insurgent demons waged war against Orcus and his loyalist army. In response Orcus mobilized the Orcs of Urgach. Urgach is a lava lake in the center of Uligor where two tribes of Orcs fight an everlasting struggle, each time an orc dies, it is reborn from the lava, ready to fight again. Orcus summoned pools of this lava in his city, allowing the orcs to decimate sects of the rebellion, taking large chunks of Oph with it. One plan of the Rat King had failed, he had sent several expeditions down to a dungeon underneath Oph containing impossibly powerful artifacts, the ten sigils of power, even giving it the moniker *The Den of the Rat King* as to attract explorers and adventurers for its contents. All who were send in, including the fabled Ringkeepers, had died. During the struggle for Oph, Agadûl had found a camaraderie unnatural for a creature such as himself, a seed planted inside of him by the Ringkeepers that had started to sprout. 
## A new people
One day, deep into the war, the leadership of the rebellion had found themselves surrounded by the loyalist army. Beset on all sides by Orcus and his generals, Agadûl saw but one way to save those he had started calling his friends. Raising his large axy by the blade, not the hilt, he turned it around and plunged the edge into his chest. As the monstrous power inside of him exploded outwards, it did not cause destruction. Instead it flowed into all those who fought for Uligor. Not only the rebels, but the loyalists as well. Two massive armies, all suddenly infused by the power of one of the most powerful demons to exist, enflamed not by anger, not by a need for destruction, but by self sacrifice. It is said that all who were involved dropped their weapon on the spot, and some even fell to the ground seizing, as the turmoil of two opposing natures inside of them rose. History is dark on what happened afterwards. All that is known is that only few remained loyal to Orcus afterwards. The demons and lost souls alike transformed, as they were shaped into tieflings as well. The only thing to discern a Tiressian Tiefling from an Uligorian one is their horns. A Tiressean has curved horns, where an Uligorian's grows straight.
# The Emergence
## Balance
Everything is where it should be, that is not a saying, but a planar edict. Demons should mainly be in the Abyss, the wrathful ones specifically in its layer of Uligor. The orderly Angels are in heaven, the self sufficient Azata in Elysium and of course the Devils should remain in hell. Should people be displaced, it is a psychopomps duty to 'relocate' them, especially if the dead remain in the world of the living (undead) or if one who should go to one plane after their death end up in another (lost souls). It rarely happens that a group of entities are so overrepresented in the wrong plane that it's entire alignment starts to shift, but it's never good when it happens. 
## Uligor falls
It was the plan of Orcus, the False Prince, to change Oph to such a lawfully evil city, that it's entirety would be transported to hell, his true realm of origin, you see, Orcus was a devil in disguise, not a true demon. That is why he relished in his moniker of False Prince, as it as a truth hidden in plain sight. The foundations of the continent were already cracking and shaking before the rebellion, but the sudden shift of the Uligor demons snapped those foundations cleanly through. Earthquakes shook the entire continent, as the entire continent sank into the river Styx.
## Uligor stands
A century had passed in the material plane since the death of the Ringkeepers. Queen Dusseaux and her Tiressean army rule over Siressea with an iron fist, secretly the people pray for the Arcadia to return to free them from their toils. One random morning however, everything changes. Uligor rises from the oceans to the north of Tiressea, giant waves wash over the northernmost landmasses and destroy parts of Lotaari, Plaveya and Tiressea. Uligor is reshaped in a land of splendor. The lava is replaced with water and the red sands are replaced with green fields! A new continent was born. 

Todo:
- story of Wilhelm
- story of Aloy

Possible plot points for the next campaign
- Prejudice against tieflings (especially Tiressean)
- The lost city of Arcadia, perhaps frozen in time?
- Angels having taken over Siressea in an attempt to quell the fighting. 