# 013: 01-10-2018
## Intro
It's been two full weeks after the Ringkeepers traded the safe walls of Plaveya for the dangers of the northern woods. On the road their carriage coach offered them a deal, fix the local Worg problem, and you'll get a *free* ride from Val'Lorei back to Plaveya. This sweetened the already profitable deal, 500 gold pieces ánd a free ride? Once arrived at the elven village of Val'Lorei, the party went to work on their preparation, Lozano went to improve his bow, Tarrok made a smokebomb and mister N'one went on to scout the surroundings. After a night's rest, the group ventured out into the woods. Tracking down the wolfpack wasn't hard, it was large enough and the given directions were clear. A tough fight ensued, but the party was able to kill most, if not all worgs. Most importantly, the pack leader was killed, whose mangled corpse turned out to be an effective trophy in proving that the mission had been fulfilled. A great feat requires a great reward: five hundred gold pieces and lifetime tickets to take the One-Leaf Clover across the wildfoam bay to and from Val'Sara. This puts the party back on track for their original destination, Tiressea. This city, which stands against all that is arcane, is rumored to host Argentus Blakely, who is supposed to be connected to Ouroboros and their practices.

Today's adventure begin's on the docks of Val'Lorei, packed and ready, the party prepares for their departure to the kingdom of Tiressea.

## Prep
Don't have the players tarry too long in Val'Sara, let them quickly travel to the outskirts of Tiressea.

The coachman raises his hand, "Look ahead, from the top of this hill you can get a good view of the city!" And indeed, with some effort from the horses ahead, your cart reaches the top of the hill. And then you see it, a source of light in the darkness of the night. A high wall surrounds two hills and the valley in between. The western hill carries on it hundreds of homes with golden roofs, the eastern hill is barely visible as it is completely covered in a castle of epic proportions. Many different towers emerge from this keep, suggesting continuous expansion after expansion over the years. In between these hills lies a valley, covered with less impressive homes. The road you are on leads to a large gate right into the valley.

The players are not allowed to enter through the western or eastern entrance, as only nobles are allowed into the Golden District. The southern entrance is fine though, as anyone can get in there. Beware though, the practice of magic is strictly forbidden.

In the city the players can go look for clues as to Argentus his whereabouts. People won't know him by name, but there is a demon expert in town at the local library. This library is located within the north eastern quarters of the valley. Argentus is not willing to give up any secrets, and even if he wanted to, he is cursed and cannot speak of certain subjects.

### Extra 1
If time passes on long enough and the party runs out of things to do, the party gets mobbed by a group of thieves. The thieves will recognise Tarrok and tell him that Brandir is looking for him.

Mobbing Encounter 3x humans:

- 2x male Cutpurses Fronden and Gwyn (NPCC-144) 
    - Initiative 24 + 17
    - HP 10
- 1x female Street Performer Ignis (NPCC-26) 
    - Initiative 4
    - hp 14

### Extra 2.
A small cracked egg is laying at the rubble of the destroyed aviary.


## Dreams
### Lozano
You are in a forest, but there are so many faceless people. All the trees are made of stone. You can hear a cry for help. It came from a tower. From the top of the tower many birds come and go from all directions. You find a door at the base of the tower, the crying gets louder. A bright light shines. You wake up.

### Meow
You are sailing along a river of fire. To the left of the river you see a giant man with red skin. To the right you see a woman with horns and wings. As you pass them, you can hear a voice of a crying woman, calling out for help. The voice isn't coming from either figures. The fire settles and everything goes dark agin.

### Tarrok
Last night you had a dream, a dove was flying your way carrying a message, but it was shot down before it could reach you. Not soon after you were falling, stray feathers were whizzing all around you. The ground underneath you was quickly approaching. You see two hills, you are falling towards the valley between those two hills. You wake up just before impact in a cold sweat.