# 019: 21-10-2019
## Pre siege:
- Music
    - Joker soundtrack
        - Bathroom dance
        - Penny taken to the hospital
        - Hoyt's office
        - Hiding in the fridge
    - Chernobyl
        - Turbine Hall
Give the players some time to converse on the cart
## Reaching the castle
- Once the players enter Talsworth the sun has fully set.
- A queue can be seen leading up to the Ringkeep
- People from hamlets all around are taking shelter.
- The cart passes by the queue and reaches the gate
- Players are received by Hakim
- "Come in, come in, the lady is waiting" I'll have someone throw this man in the dungeons."
- Argentus will call out, "Don't put me away, they're after us both, we need to stay together!"
- Entering the castle grounds:
- Surprising low amount of guards (due to increased hostile activity at the borders)
- You are met with Hobbs, Toublo Saltmine, Diara and Hamin Flianta. 
- "Before you meet with Lady fightmount, I require your permission to act upon certain choices we are faced with."
- We need more forces; we could send out some troops to retrieve forced from the Thardok camp, but this might anger surrounding lords and it might not be wise to invite them into our castle. Also, sending out troops means thinning out the forces we have here.
- (After a while Hakim will volunteer, if he goes the Orcs will arrive halfway through the battle)
- We need a safe place to store the villagers, but the castle is slowly filling up.
- Lead them to the flightdeck, go into the prospect mines (only entrance from the outside) or within the castle grounds
- The Dimports are unwilling to leave their home, what do we do?
- (Sidenote if other matters are taken care of, rumors have arisen that Thindar Holstice has returned)

## Meeting with the former lady
Music:
- Joker soundtrack
    - Subway
- Slender man Ramin Djawadi
    - Sleepless nights
    - Library
    - Surrender
- GOT7
    - Winds of Winter

Councilwoman Fightmount is standing in front of the long table, which is placed in front of the three thrones. On the table is a drawing of the castle grounds. Besides them are some stone tablets, old scrolls and a thick tome with a blue hand on it.
- You mentioned the forest was trembling.
- During my formation as a councilmage, my thesis was about the unification between fey magic and all other types of magic. 
- I've learned a lot about myths and sayings of druids and tried to find overlap in other fields.
- Quite hard if you don't know druidic.
- One legend occurred was told in different forms in three different flavours of magic:
- Divine: The first chapter of a series of ancient books has been found by the exporers of Irori. This chapter prophecises about the first of five great dark storms before the silence. At the centre of this storm would be three rings, one of light, one of darkness and one that chains them.
- Druidic: In fey magic a lot is described using circles, so the relevance should be up for interpretation, but some druidic texts speak the five rings of decay, following the keepers of the beast. The first circle would be preluded by the first time the forests would know fear.
- Demonic: Just one line, "The voracious viper shall bring freedom to the Thanatonic Titan; five days of darkness for each consumption."
- Preliminary research showed that there is more to this, but this I know.
- Info: further research reveals that five trials will be presented to the world in which great darknesses need to be overthrown.
- This day may be the first day of darkness
- After most of this has been said, the eyes of fightmount will go black and Umbra will take her mind over. Allow players some discussion with their foe, before jaina starts to seize.

## Silence before the storm
- Music
    - Joker soundtrack
        - Learning how to act normal
        - Bathroom dance (last)
- GOT 8 
    - Farewell
    - Outside the gates
The players are free to walk around for a moment, scout around, the next phase begins as the playlist ends. 

## Storm before the silence:
Music:
- GOT8
    - Battle of Winterfel
    - Battle for the skies
    - The long night P1
    - The Long night p2
    - The Last War
- Warcraft
    - The Horde
    - The Great Wall
    - The first Battle
- GOT5
    - Hardhome 1`and 2
- Westworld
    - Paint it black

A six phase fight leading up to sunrise:
- Start
    - First wave of ghouls appear outside the walls and start bashing against the front gate, they are black shrouds resembling skeletons and each have one hp.
        - If engaged, encounter against eight to ten of them
        - Attack: cut +3 (1d4)
- 2.
    - Three sets of ghouls appear surrounding the castle, each group is accompanied by two Shir demons (B3)
- 3.
    - Demons are trying to enter the prospect mine
    - Either blow up a wall from the inside using Toublo Saltmine's explosive powder cache or enter from the outside.
    - (Drop hints he was an armyman before becoming a chef after finding out one of his explosive powders was not only edible but really tasty)
    - Four Quasit demons (B1)