# 020: 08-01-2020

## Recap
After weeks of pursuit; our party had finally found and captured a weakened Argentus Blakely. The incubus had cut a deal with the illustrious Mailman for safety in exchange for most of his demonic powers. Blakely didn't resist being captured by the party hoping that it would protect him from the dark forces that were chasing him. After making sure Wilhem Brightrun was left in the best of hands to be treated for his critical wounds,the party ventured off to their home, the Ringkeep. This is where Councilwoman Jaina Fightmount awaits their arrival. Highly respected members of the druid's circle - the keepers of the forest - fashioned a magic carriage for the party to transport Argentus to the Ringkeep. On the path home, Argentus shared some of his stories about the Mailman. It became clear this person is not someone to be trifled with. The ringkeepers were attacked by a Garuda, an avian keeper of the forest. The battle simmered down as the Garuda realized this group was only passing through. He did divulge however, how distressed the forest felt in the past few days. Evil entities are following the heroes; more wicked then most can realize. The Garuda infuses the cart with fey magic in order to speed up its pace.
The following few hours went by in a blur. At the keep, Jaina explains that in her studies of a unified magic theory, certain predictions returned from wildly different sources. Theological prophecies coïncided with magical predictions and patterns generated from the stars. Even druidic texts and a demonic rumor predict this certain event. After Jaina explained these sources the players arrived at a theory; there are five challenges to come, five days of darkness. The first of which would occur today. Not soon after; Jaina started to convulse before she was taken over by Umbra, the secretive leader of ouroboros. She did not mince her words, play time was over. The siege of the Ringkeep, begins.
__
Now before we begin, here are a few actions and orders you've taken and given before the fight:
- You ordered Hobbs to escort the civilians to the inner castle grounds at the abbey of the ringkeep to take shelter.
- You weren't able to save Jaina who dissapeared and was last seen at one of the spiral staircases in your keep
- You sent the youngest of the Dimport family, along with Hakim, to the Tardok encampment
- You asked retired general Toublo Saltmine, your dwarven court chef, to inspect if there is any way to get from the dungeons underneath your keep to the prospect mines which lead to the outside of your keep.
- You told the guards to keep their eyes open for Thindar Holstice, a half-elf that left town just before the first siege of your castle.

## Siege
Rest of the siege will begin with downtime and preparation. Players may take a short rest and explore a bit. All spells are restored and Lozano gets the feeling of impending doom. After a while, horns will blow and the castle will soon be overrun with ghosts. The upper grounds will feel like a ghosttown. The area filled with bodies of men in golden armor. Not soon after the ghosts will appear. First two, then four, then twenty.
- After 2 rounds of combat after showing the large group:
    - "You can hear the sound of drums in the distance; slowly getting louder. Another sound, however, takes your attention; as the creaking and cracking of wood accompanies it in a rumbling fashion. It is so out of place, even the ghouls stop for a second and look around. The banging of drums increase in speed, you can hear grunts, the cracking of whips, the deep gutteral roar of Orcs. You finally recognize this loud, bouldering sound of wood; its the sound of cartwheels running around, yet deeper, louder than your average carriage. The cacophony of noise reaches a climax as the wooden gates of your keep bust wide open. Enter, the Tardok Clan. A giant wooden platform on wheel, equipped with a battering ram, swarming with grey, green and red skinned orcs, enters your sight. Or at least, parts of it, as it crumples to pieces right after delivering the destructive blow to gate. A large, green orc gets up, you can barely recognize Tardok. His bloodcrazed eyes light up after it makes contact with you, right before he grabs his Falchion and just starts chopping away at the first ghoul he sees.
- Final fight: 
    - In the two rounds that follow, a black spot appears on the ground in the middle of the fight.
    - The black spot seems to grow, showing a large black mass. It forms into Agadhûl, but he seems different. He has a sullen look on his face and he is wearing an obsidian spiked collar from which dark smoke emanates. He starts to attack the nearest ringkeeper.

## Follow up
Previous session these pieces of info were divulged:
- Divine: The first chapter of a series of ancient books has been found by the exporers of Irori. This chapter prophecises about the first of five great dark storms before the silence. At the centre of this storm would be three rings, one of light, one of darkness and one that chains them.
- Druidic: In fey magic a lot is described using circles, so the relevance should be up for interpretation, but some druidic texts speak the five rings of decay, following the keepers of the beast. The first circle would be preluded by the first time the forests would know fear.
- Demonic: Just one line, “The voracious viper shall bring freedom to the Thanatonic Titan; five days of darkness for each consumption.”
After the siege; there are three leads, the divine, the druidic and the demonic lead. The party is free to pick and choose which one to follow, Jaina will follow another one and the third will go to Tink Tinkerton, the arcadian council representative of the university of Arcadia and professor of Arcane History.

Ideas for Leads:
- Divine: Find followers of Irori and learn of the fate of Ve; the books were written by Ve himself. 
    - Go to the grand cathedral of Erathea
    - Loredump: Ve/Praalor and the battle of Axis
- Druidic: Go back to Felbrook and find the Hierophant, maybe he can help them 
    - Loredump: The History of the Elves and Darkfall
- Demonic: Find a Dwarven Wizard, a descendant of the thirds. One that worked with the original Ring gates. 
    - Argentus can help with this; as a human he studied the precursors of these gates.
    - The history of the dwarves that stayed.