# 044: 10-04-2021
Goals/parts this session
### Return to arcadia
- Bureaucracy in the spire; every portal now requires a declaration of intent; give them a chance to relay a message to Wilhelm, who supposedly now is in the field.
### Return to the Ringkeep at Talsworth
- Back home meet with Hobbs, who will receive the players and explain of a pressing matter; a man was captured on the Dimport Ranch, trying to poach some pigs.
- Hakim happened to pass by and thud him on the back of the head and captured him.
- Additionally; a few days before this Milo Dimport was captured by some bandits; the man currently in custody is currently a suspect for that as well.
- With the dungeon currently in ruins due to the explosion by Captain Saltmine and the prospecters in the mines, it was not possible to keep the man arrested. So he is being kept in the pigpens.
- Interrogation?
- Have their meeting play out.
### Finding Milo
> DMs note: Milo is being kept by a group of Clotbrood cultists who want to sacrifice him for their deity, the Curdled One. This god represents the rot of death and thrives on the decay of bodies. Sacrifice rituals of this cult usually involve the rapid deterioration of bodies by frenzied maggots.
The party can inquire if people have seen anything strange lately, Thaddeus can speak to animals or the keepers can ask the locals. The following tidbits can be given once deemed appropriate:
- Milo: 
    - Milo was kidnapped two days ago, he was taken when bringing his weekly batch of food and weaponry to the Tardok encampment.
    - He had seen a lot of dead animals lately along the road, with a strong stench coming from their rotting corpses.
- The cult: 
    - Strange people passed by a while ago in the pub, they all wore hoods and reeked. When asked for their business, they proclaimed to be clerics spreading the good word of their deity, but they would not divulge which one. They seemed like bad missionaries. Tipped poorly.
    - Animals are at unease; they speak of the fear of maggots.
- Location: 
    - The players can be led to the location of where Milo's cart was found, from there they can use the survival skill to track the path along which Milo was taken.
### Cultist cave
`<a href="https://shmeppy.com/game/1831891871">Schmeppy</a>`
#### Entrance
> As you reach the edge of the forest and arrive at the mountainridge, you see two large, crude stone doors marking the entrance of a cave. The doors are covered in streaks of dried up blood, giving it a darkred, even black pattern.
To open the door they need to apply some more blood to it and the doors will open automatically.
#### First hallway
The cave goes into a right bend and voices can be heard around it. It is hard to decipher but the following can be heard with a good perception check:
> Female voice: No really, they have returned, one of them supposedly died. It's only a matter of time before they start looking for us. I don't care that you don't have all the decorations ready, we're doing the ritual NOW. Now let's finish this up and then warp to that whiny kid.
Either if the players wait long enough or if the players interact with the cultists, they will run off into the room behind them. In the room will be two cultists, an "Awakened Voice" and a "Death Chanter" (Villain codex 72).
> The room is a clearing in the cave, on the ground are three sleeping bags and some rotting food in the corner, ahead you see the two figures, a short human woman with blonde hair to her shoulders. She is wearing chainmail adorned with ruffled animal pelts and bones. You see her applying a certain white powder to the bloodsoaked scythe that she is holding. To her right, you see a hooded figure, darkness enveloping their face. It's not bright so you can't quite make it out, but the shape of their head underneath the hood is making strange, squirmy movements.
Start the fight, as soon as the woman has cut someone with her scythe, she will yell "NOW" and dash off to the next room. When following the players need to dodge a trap. A snaretrap with buckets of acid that might drop on them. If they don't see it beforehand and trigger it, roll a reflex DC 10 will save, otherwise 3d4 acid damage.
In the next room: continue the fight:
> This room is different from before, As you enter the room you see the hooded figure completing a septagram within a circle with chalk. On each of the points stands candle burning with green, small, flickering flames. As soon as he removes the chalk from the ground the lines start to light up. Green ethereal shackled fly out to the chests of you foes, seemingly binding them to the ritual. At that point four new shackles appear, flying out to you. (reflex save). The woman speaks towards her ally: "Attack [player who got attacked], I marked him."
Continue the fight, as soon as someone who was chained dies, teleport all players to the final room.
> A green flash blinds you, and as you regain a sense of your surroundings, you see the following: you are in a new place. Build into the black cobblestone walls, torches with green bright flames light this square room. Black marble pillars dot your surroundings, and in the middle you see a table. On it, all limbs tied to one leg of the table, lies Milo, unconscious but breathing. Alongside the table, you see [remaining enemies] and two animated corpes. A foul stench enters your noses, as you see several maggot filled, bloating corpses. A pile moves as a horrid clump of flesh and bones starts quickly crawling towards you.
Any enemy that dies returns to a pile of worms. The player that was struck initially with the powder is now poisoned with something vile. While alive, they will not know be affected in any way, except for the wound leaving a black scar. This mark means that, once the player dies, they become an undead creature.
Once looking through the room, the players will find the following:
- A glass shard that, once cracked, will teleport them out of the room.
- 900gp
- Essential salts (very expensive spell component, dropped from the unrisen)
- A jar of the white powder applied to the scythe
- A goblin's skull bomb ([link](https://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/wondrous-items/e-g/goblin-skull-bomb))
### On the next episode
When returning to the Ringkeep; give the players a letter from Lord Graham of Ulfgrim castle.
https://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/edit/M-cXvC_ljb7O