# 056 - 26-03-2024
This session the rumors of humans in agaduls domain (recognised by their bracers), starting a revolution start spreading. Also, the players try to ditch the car in a bad neighborhood.
# Intro
> The newly reunited Ringkeepers had little time to reminisce, as two of them face eternal damnation and servitute to Agadûl, the lost half-king of Uligor. They were branded by way of ankle braces, bearing the sigil of Agadûl. Not only did this send out to the world who they belonged to, it also restricted movement and allowed certain people to control their movements. They had to get it off and they had to do it fast. Bane, or as you knew him, Tarrok, had a guy who knows a guy that might be able to take them off. But this guy, Tlaaxu, required a favor first. Steal some contraband from none others than the fuzz. And while you may have exceeded expectations while doing so, you are now in the possession of a beaten up OPD evidence transport van. This car is within all intends and purposes a hot vehicle and needs to be lost, FAST.
> 
> You've decided that the best way to get the heat of your back is to not only lose the car, but to ditch it in the area of F'arklors goons so you can pin the whole heist on his crew, closing any hot trails leading to you. It is at this point in the story where we return, as you are speeding over the roads, streetlights blipping by above you. The buildings in Oph are already in a sorry state, but as you go on it only seems to get worse. The windows are boarded, graffiti covers the walls. Then you see it in the distance, 100 meters ahead of you you see a barricade, going two meters high, crossing the entire road with only a small opening down in the middle. The entire barricade is made of chairs, cabinets, all kinds of old furniture nailed together by wooden planks and pallets. On top of it you see all kinds of nasties, thick brute demons, some smaller and impish. Some are holding greatswords, others tommyguns.
> 
> You are speeding towards it, what do you do?
# Outline
## The Horde
- The players are riding straight at one of "The Horde"s outposts, they plan to ditch the car.
- Improv a bit, a small encounter if they fight enemies
- Have them run off to the foul cathedral
- Don't lore dump too much, let Tarrok do the talking
Encounter, fight at the barricade.:
## Back at the foul cathedral
- Part 1 
    - Tlaaxu tells the players their "Friend" is upstairs, implying its the bracer guy.
    - His name is Mortar, a dwarf wearing a bracer with a flat circle on it as a logo.
    - He won't be able to remove the bracers, but he is able to depower them.
    - Lozano's turns off right away. Meow's bracer doesn't. His soul is incomplete. A fragment of his soul is hidden somewhere in the city. If meow closes his eyes he can hear a howl in the distance.
    - Mortar fixed the bracer up. As soon as Meow completes his soul the bracer will unpower.
    - Tarrok can open up his file, give the file handout to Tarrok 
        - Explain that they may run into more cases, depending on what they do more pages may be added to the files.
- Part 2 
    - After the guy tries to leave, the city block loses power for a moment. The darkness enveloping the room is different, even darkvision doesn't pierce it.
    - Describe: 
        - A lightning storm rages in reverse, the rumbling thunder comes before the lightning in this world.
    - Perception 15 check 
        - Someone is sitting on the couch in the shadows, white, irisless eyes creep along the room.
        - A sense of dread comes over them, the sounds around them dampen.
        - "Those who come here to suffer, lay down your will."
        - A lightning bolt hits the building next to the cathedral, light flashes. As the party all look towards the window at the flash, they something loud to their left.
> As you looked outside, Mortar looked onward to the stranger, he is letting out a deep, gutteral scream. The screaming doesnt end as the white eyes in the darkness light up with glee. You don't see Mortar but you hear his voice crack as his vocal cords rip. His scream turns into a bloody gurgly growl as you hear a wet scratching noise. Blood spatters to the ground as you can only assume Mortar is scratching his eyes out. Silence returns for a moment. You hear the rumbling of another thunderstrike.
> 
> I need commitment from all of you, with the upcoming flash, who is looking at the entity and who isn't?
> 
> [DC 20 will save]
> 
> As you look you immediately get the sensation you're seeing something you absolutely should not see. The face of a divinity you do not worship. The smile of a devil you never believed in. Something horrifying shows before you, it is in silhouette as the lightning strikes behind it. The frayed edges of the being follows a shape you do not comprehend, nor do you wish to. In it you see no being, no entity. You see the bloodied remains of Tesh, of Scara, of Wilhelm. You see not their entrails spilling out them, but the implication of their death, with Tesh, the loss that comes with the death of the last of her kind. With Scara, the last chance to save the innocence you held in a time now permanently lost. With Wilhelm, the sensation of a nosedive that comes with losing that support that you considered would never leave you. An age passes in the snap of a lightningbolt, as the room goes dark. Power returns to the building and the entity is gone.
> 
> Mortar is next to you and looks at you quizzically, is everything ok?
