# Tarrok Wolfsbrother

## Background
Tarok Wolfsbrother was only a small boy when he was abandoned by his parents. He doesn’t remember much about them, only that his father used to carry around an enormous axe on his back. The day they left, Tarok and his baby sister Scara (who was only a toddler at the time) were playing hide and seek in the meadows near their family’s farm. If he remembers correctly, his parents would only go to the marketplace in Tiressea for a couple of hours, but they never came back… Scared and alone, Tarok and Scara tried to find them, but instead found themselves lost in the slums of Tiressea.
As months passed, Tarok and Scara tried to survive in the hostile streets of this forsaken hellhole. Tarok would hide Scara to the best of his capabilities, so he could go and find or steal food. Despite his already rather large appearance, he noticed that his inept ability to sneak around and steal other people’s property far surpassed that of any of the lowlife scum that shared their current housing situation. Growing up as a Half-Orc had its benefits though: his large teeth and intimidating looks allowed him to forcibly convince (as he liked to call it) others to docilely hand over their belongings. All in all, Tarok and Scara never had to worry about starving to death. 
Over the years, Tarok managed to develop his array of skills needed to survive in the slums without getting arrested or killed. Meanwhile, Scara got old and handy enough to start assisting him. This brought along new ways of providing: extortion! Basically, it was very simple: Scara would wait for a carriage or cart to pass by, then throw herself against it and pretend to be wounded. Tarok then only needed to “forcibly convince” the owner of said carriage to pay adequate compensation, or else he would turn him over to the authorities. Things were going fine, maybe one day they would have sufficient coin to buy themselves a small house! Only a few more years, perhaps a wealthy merchant rides by, and they’d be set. 
It must have been around ten winters since his parents had left. Tarok had become quite adept at everything mischievous, but greed slowly took over Scara. No score was big enough, nor were there enough of them. This had lead up to that gruesome night. Scara had gotten word of the arrival of a wealthy merchant from the Barrens: Ra’adok. He controlled the largest travelling routes and all of the commerce going through it. He had made reputation for himself to be an outrageously violent man: as much as a look that he didn’t like, was enough to end up with your lifeless body being found in an alley, partially eaten by vermin, but most importantly missing its head. The cruel bastard never settled for just revenge, no, every poor soul who crossed him, was made into an example. Passer-by’s reported seeing severed, rotten heads hanging from his bright yellow tent. Many had perished because of simple misunderstandings. And now Scara wanted to rob him, of all people. Despite many attempts to talk her out of it, young Scara was determined to hijack his carriage and make a fortune selling his belongings. At night, she snuck out of the improvised shed that she and Tarok had started calling home and headed straight to the tavern Ra’adok was staying in. 
The next morning, Tarok was awakened by the sound of people running by, loudly shouting that there had been a gruesome murder. His stomach turned when he noticed that Scara wasn’t in the room anymore. He rushed to the marketplace, where a large crowd had assembled. Guards were fending off the curious inhabitants of Tiressea, but were no match for Tarok’s wild-eyed panic. He reached the centre of the circle and fell down on his knees. He was looking straight at the beheaded corpse of his beloved sister, next to the words “Foolish girl”, written in her own blood. She stood no chance whatsoever. He later learned that Ra’adok and his men had left Tiressea in the middle of the night. Filled with rage, Tarok stole two horses and kept on riding. 
He was able to follow the tracks their carriage had left in the mud, and two days later he found himself outside the encampment Ra’adok’s party had set up for the night. Then he saw him: Ra’adok was sitting around the campfire with three of his men, smirking and pointing towards his private tent. To his disgust, the rumours had been true. Both sides of the tent were “decorated” with the severed heads of what must have been at least forty men, women and children. All the way at the bottom, Tarok recognised what was left of dear Scara’s face. He completely lost control. All he could see was red and he felt a strange force taking over his body. He noticed his legs staring to move into a bewildered sprint and picked up a large piece of wood. He was going to kill every last one of them and rip their bloody heads from their bodies. Nothing could stop him. 
It only took two words to stop him. The man just seemed to appear out of nowhere, suddenly standing in between Tarok and his prey. “Don’t, kid”. The man he would later call his mentor spoke in a way Tarok had never experienced before. The soothing tone in his voice calmed him on the spot. It was as if Tarok only just remembered that he was nothing more than an angry and heartbroken child, albeit a rather tall one. The stranger took him by the shoulder, led him to the horses and together they rode off. Without knowing why, Tarok put all of his trust in this elfish looking man. The elf introduced himself as Brandir, an expert thief who had been keeping an eye out for the promising young half-orc for quite some time now. He then made the promise that won Tarok over for good: “Come with me and you will have your revenge. I promise.”

Thus, young Tarok dove into the secret life of thievery, stealth and assassinations. Brandir, who soon became his officially instated mentor, introduced him into the Nightshade Guild: an elite and extremely secretive group of thieves and assassins, led by the mysterious Mailman. Here, he was trained, to ultimately once again be released into the civilisation as a weapon of the Nightshade Guild. To fully fit in with the outside world, he needed a last name. For commoners, this was an obvious part of their identity, but due to his lack of parents, Tarok didn’t have one. Nonetheless, there was no easier decision: he took on the name of Wolfsbrother. After all, the Orcish translation of “Wolf” is “Scara”. 