# One off met Beau 16-8-23
Takes place in Fel'Brook

## 001. Intro
Before reading, open the following tabs:
1. Window 1, shared with Beau 
    1. A map of Arcadia
    2. A picture of a heron
    3. A map of Felbrook
2. Window 2, music 
    1. Plex - Playing 森ノ王国 (the last song in the intro)
    2. Plex - Taven Busy plaslist waiting to be playes

The story today begins in the lands of the Arcadian Concord, a country in the southwest of the continent of Siressea. A thousand and ten years prior, when the Old Kingdoms were covered in eternal darkness due to the event known as Darkfall, many used the old Ringgates to flee these lands to other worlds. Over time however, some of those travelers returned, hoping to make the best of what was left of their home. They settled all over the continent, rebuilding old kingdoms, creating new homes and just trying to adjust to a new world clad in everlasting Darkness.
These efforts were rewarded centuries later, when the fabled Heroes of Time fought for the right to live in sunlight once more, and one of them, Mindarion Heartsborn, ascended to Godhood and took his place in the skies as the new Sun. Ten years have passed and the world is still adapting. New plants are growing where once there were arid plains and new adventurers are born each day, heading out to explore the newly lit lands and delving into centuries old ruins to find signs of the old world.
A heron is flying high above the sea before making a dive towards the water, her sight is completely filled with the reflection of the clear sky and the glistening of the sunlight. This all does not distract the heron as she continues her dive. In a blink of an eye, the white-feathered bird disappears as she reaches the surface of the water. For a moment, nary a splash betrays the presence of the heron before she submerges again, this time with a large, silvery fish in her beak. She returns to the sky and heads for the coastline towards a mountain range. The way home is as ingrained in her mind as is the sound of the rustling tree that housed her own nest years ago when she had just hatched. She is met with the cold winds of the Dry Peaks and bends her flight to the right. The landscape slowly changes from harsh peaks to a young pine forest, the heron starts gliding along the winds and lowers her flight to only just above the treetops. The fresh smell of pine and aspen fill her nostrils, calming her mind before the most important smell of the forest reaches her, the aroma of home. With two agile flaps of her wings the heron lowers herself into her nest, as she starts feeding her young.
Only a few feet downwards, a beautiful Elf woman walks past the tree with a small wicker basket. The young woman is clad in ragged clothes and sports auburn curly hair down to her waist, getting more messy as it goes on. Her bare feet are dirtied by the nature around her. She bends down and picks up a small brown mushroom from the base of the tree and puts it in her basket before heading north to the edge of the Forest. She reaches her home, Felbrook, or as it is said in her language, Fel'Boorak. She looks around as she takes her basket to the inn at the northernmost part of the settlement. Silently she enters the establishment, met with the warm sounds of friendship, banter and adventure. The elf passes groups of people from all ages, races and genders. She recognizes druidic pilgrims traveling to or from their home, young adventurers looking for their place in the world and locals just listening to a good story. Then she settles on one of the barstools and hands over her basket to the barkeep, a burly and friendly looking Elf who thanks her with a cold pint of ale.
The mushrooms disappear in the kitchen for a few hours before resurfacing as a stew, as the bowl is brought out to a table in the back. It is placed in front of you, as the large, friendly Elf looks you in the eyes.
> Cyran Valwynn, Male Elf, equivalent to human 50's, wears a leather apron over his beige shirt. Hair cut short, which is unusual in elves. Continually is looking warily at his barmaid and granddaughter, Lura.
> Here you go! That is one mushroom stew and a cool mug of our local Felbrook springwater. Do you require anything else?