# 017: 11-27-2019
## Opening
The investigation regarding Ouroboros and their only lead, Argentus Blakely, brought the Ringkeepers to Tiressea. The city which lies atop and between two mountains is divided in three divisions. The only one open to visitors is Hearthsford, also known as the Valley. On the two mountaintops lie the aristocratic and the royal districts, respectively referred to as the Golden District and the Royal Castle of Aldorheim. The parties inquiries led them to believe Argentus Blakely is one to enjoy the carnal pleasures of the flesh, and with high standards at that. Rumors say that Blakely can be found at a high class brothel in the Golden District. As access to this part of the city is forbidden to outsiders, the heroes came up with an idea to bypass the guards and the wall. By traversing the gunk, stink and shit of the elite, Tarrok, Meow and Lozano discovered that not everything up that hill is made of gold. However, more than just shit came their way, as these tunnels were not as unguarded as they were promised to be. By tricking an ancient giant bird, known as a roc, the heroes found themselves at what they hope is the end of their arduous endeavor. You three find yourselves in the center of a large room, with an elevated stone floor at the end of it, and a door marking the wall behind it. The dungeon that follows is inspired by Deepstone, it houses a great evil which can only be released by the Light of Aldor. This dungeon has been in place since the time before Darkfall. King Aldor made a pact with a demon but both parties tricked the other in the process. The Devil, Agathôr (brother of the Demon Agazûl) is trapped here. While he waits in his prison, he drains all the magic in the city. He is the source of the antimagic field. The catch however is, that he does not negate the magic, he drains it, slowly growing in power. The two orbs of Aldor must be found and brought back to the crystal at the entrance. Once that is done, any who touches the crystal is blessed with the *Light of Aldor*. Whenever someone enchanted snaps their finger, a flash of light happens that has certain effects dependent on the situation. This can be done only once every 12 seconds. The effect is in a 3-radius circle around the player.

## Rooms
### Room A
This is where the party will meet a group of two, a professional graverobber and an archaeologist. A human man called Vance and a halfling woman called Hilda. They come from the golden district but the door has closed behind them. Supposedly a secret lies underneath these sewers that might shake the foundations of the city!
A stone slate with the Ouroboros logo is on the right wall. Due to the size it would seem like a door, but it has no handle and doesn't seem to move. Once some of the red substance that the party has touches the door, it opens.

### Room B
An azure crystal the size of a bear softly hovers over the ground, a soft hum can be heard. Later on, when it is touched by an Orb of Aldor, it will glow softly. It will shine brightly when a second orb touches it. Then it will bless the players with "Aldors Light".

### Room C
*First entrance: The first thing that grabs your attention in this large hall is the collection of pillars. Two rows of four pillars are decorated with the depictions of tales long forgotten. To both the left and the right of you arches lead to other locations. A massive stone gate stands ahead of you. Torches light the room with a soft, greenblue flame.*
During the first visit nothing of note is here except for allowing passage to the other two lanes.
*Third entrance:* *As you enter the room, the air feels more arid. The torches flicker and shine less brightly. You can see shadows move in the corner of you eyes.*
As the players have unlocked the Light of Aldor, they have also unleashed shadow beasts, which are solidified by the Light of Aldor.
Enemy:
- Shadow Minotaur - B1P206
Once defeated, the large gates will open and allow access to F.

### Room D
*The arch leads to a hallway which immediately veers to the left. The right side of this hallway, the one you are looking at, reveals an underground chasm, at the top of this crevasse, many glowing crystals give of their blue light. This morning glow makes you almost feel like you are at the top of a mountain, not many meters under the ground. At the end of the hallway begins a bridge which gaps the blue-lit chasm.*
This room features a puzzle, players must make four acrobatics checks to advance on the bridge. Once the first person steps on it, a strong gust will rush across the bridge. At the end are two glowing, magical pressure plates which stop the wind and raise the gate at the end, leading to room G.

### Room E
*As you enter another hall, you see a grid on the ground, decorated with magical runes. At the end of the room, behind the grid, two circles on the ground are softly glowing in that same blue/green hue. Behind that is a grated gate.*
By stepping on the wrong grid, players are teleported back to the start. Let them try it out until they find the right route to the end. The two magical pressure plates stop the effect of the runes and open the grate to the next fight.

### Room F
*A round platform floats over the dark abyss, with a large pressure plate like the ones you've seen before in the center.*
If four people step on this plate, the platform lowers. No fight will happen here, but they get a moment to talk.

### Room G
*As you enter the room, the grate closes behind you. A dark voice calls out "Stilf ara Ept". Hilda goes gray in her face, "This is the old language of kings." It means something to the means of "You have made a grave mistake". As she says this, you can see a creature lowering from the ceiling on a silver thread.*

SPIDERFIGHT:
- Spider, Giant Black Widow - B2P256
As it is defeated, a blue glowing giant pearl will descent from the ceiling and as it is touched, the entire party is brought back to the first room.

### Room H
*The area you enter must once have been a room with a high ceiling, but time has worn it down and broke much of it's foundation. Now its mostly a cliff looking out on a giant chasm. As you enter it, the grate closes behind you.*

Fight:
- Medium Air elemental - B1P120
As it is defeated, a blue glowing giant pearl will descent from the ceiling and as it is touched, the entire party is brought back to the first room.

### Room I
*A wide platform on your side and one across the room. In between, darkness. An abyss as black as the darkfall sky.*
You know this from deepstone, Light of Deldrimor makes the platforms appear. Follow the pattern in the book. Halfway, let some imps appear which fly directly to the players, during their turn, the runes on any platform underneath them starts to turn black. One turn later they will dissapear unless the players use the light of aldor.

### Room J
*If any of the previous rooms felt big, then this room can only be described as massive. From where you are standing, a bridge without balustrades, made of the same rune tiles you have seen before leads to the opposite side, where a small altar rests in the soft light of its adjacent torches. In the middle of this grid you see Vance, with a dark glow around him. You hear the same voice as you heard earlier, but now stronger and coming from Vance. "You have freed me, but you did not come alone. My brother is with you. I must leave soon, but first, lets see if this form will suffice."*
Here the players will fight the Voice/Vance. After defeating it, Vance can be put out of his misery by using the light on him. The voice and the corresponding dark glow will evaporate and flow towards the door where a dark laughter can be heard. On the altar it says in Old Royal: *"Here lay imprisoned the devil Agathôr. Born as red twin, imprisoned as the defiler of magic. May he rot and may Tiressea be great."*
Fight: The Voice:
- Weakened version (so half HP and fudge the rolls) of the Shadow Demon -&gt; B1P67