# 027: 06-04-2020
## Intro
Playlist: Intro
After defeating two owlbears, the ringkeepers realize another entity is quickly approaching. To the surprise of the party, it is Tesh, the Nixie that was supposed to keep an eye on Argentus. Apparently Argentus left for the forest in a hurry, not to be seen again. As it turns out, the forest is ever changing and will not always lead you to your intended destination. Or as our new faun 1friend Greshwick would say; "The Forest Provides". Greshwick lives in a treehouse high up in the forest; and through the challenge of three riddles, derives what the destination of the party is. He explains that the forest usually crafts a path for each visitor, posing a unique challenge for every passer through. It is only after traversing this challenge, after climbing this proverbial mountain, that the visitor will attain what he truly needs.
The players continue on their trek; knowing there are one of two possible locations where Argentus might be. The homestead of the Guardians of the Forest, known only as The Grove, or the Twilight Arbor, which houses the Nightmare Court.
## Prep
*Through the thicked of trees , to the side of a steep stone hill you see the ruins of what once was a druidic temple. Dilapidated stone pillars form the shape of a circle and inside them a grid of large stone tiles. Each tile is inscribed with the shape of an animal. The stone wall that forms the hill up ahead is not untouched either. Two stone doors stand apart from eachother, with three small pedestals in between.*
List of animals on tiles (3x3)
- Rhino, Pelican, Monkey
- Elephant, Tiger, Leopard
- Sloth, Flamingo, Giraffe
The left door is unlocked, it leads to an unhill cavern, at the top the players see the following:
*You see a small pedestal with a small statuette on top, it is a crouching, golden monkey covering its eyes with its hands. Behind the monkey is a small golden arch with runes"*
Solution:
Three monkey statues need to be placed on the pedestals to open the door to the right.
- Eyes: One is found in the cave and if something of the same weight is not places instead of it a boulder will come rolling down.
- Mouth: One is found underneath the tile with the monkey on it and it needs to be broken
- Ears: High in one of the trees is a small crevasse with the statue
#### Encounter 1
Three ettercap
#### Encounter 2
Chimera