# 036: 20-07-2020
## Intro
Sounds: Dancing with the Source (Tambura Version)
Somewhere on the Pendlegast Peaks, Toshio, Tarrok, Meow and Lozano freed the mind of Ash'er, the Orc druid that was corrupted to such an extend that he murdered his and Toshio's friend, Warbis. This was not the only gruesome discovery made in this mountain ridge. The one that corrupted Ash'er was the dark mind behind Ouroboros, Umbra, formerly known as Thindar Holstice. The herbalist turned cult-leader half-elf, presented Ash'er with a black flame that, once it caught his eyes, changed how he perceived the world. Friends became enemies, enemies became friends. With grief in his eyes, even after saving his confused friend, Toshio decided not to engage Ash'er, but to stay nonetheless, for Felbrook needed all the help it could get. While Ash'er walks over to Toshio to speak for a minute, you take a look at the skies over Felbrook. The ominous clouds that once were still and far away are now approaching quickly, and in the middle of the clouds, an even darker mass follows. The sun sets, wind is howling, the sea is foaming, the second night of darkness begins.
## Prep
### Summary:
As the players return from Pendlegast Peaks, they find out that Umbra was summoning a greater soul eater; a creature that, once the ritual finishes, will take the souls of the people in felbrook. Aiding Umbra is the coven of an Annis Hag, aided with a set of Ogres and a witch, who are performing the ritual.
### The trip back down
Ash'er and Toshio will be tense, but they will postpone their drama until they return back down. Over time the winds will get more tense. If asked, Ash'er will explain the following about his corruption:
- He is a flame druid and loosely allied to the Nightmare Court.
- Life as a Vulpine druid is hard and dangerous, there aren't many bedtime stories. But one story that kept being told is the existence of a black flame, deeply cursed, deeply powerful.
- Once someone presented Ash'er with the possibility to see it, he was never intending on using it or taking it for his own. 
    - He just wanted to see it, who doesn't want to see what the subject of such a story would look like?
- As he laid his eyes on it, he heard whispers. Not in his ears, but in his heart. Those whispers took residence in his heart, soon becoming louder until they were booming so loud his heart couldn't contain it anymore. He had to find who put the voices there. To serve her so she can make the voices stop. Anyone in his way was nothing more than an obstactle.
At the end of the cliff, describe the following:
> As you reach the end of the forest, you see the cliff you ascended. Luckily the stairs are still there. The clouds have arrived as well, and they bring a familiar darkness with them. It's just like when you were in Talsworth. However, some things are different. First of all, you can see most of the village from here, and there doesn't seem to be anyone there. The only commotion you can see is where the main druids hut is. Or should I say, was. You see a large stone tile, easily ten meters wide, inscribed with several runes and markings. On it you see a few creatures, some normal sized, some much larger.
### Felbrook
Once in the front of the Will'o Wisp, the players are attacked by an Ogre Bruiser (Monster Codex 155). As soon as it is defeated, more will approach, Toshio and Ash'er will tell the players to go save their friend, as they will hold the Ogre's off. If they refuse, have Ash'er cast wall of flame to divide them. During the Hag fight later, have them rejoin the party.
### Ritual
> The inscribed slab of stone comes within sight. It is hexagonal in shape and inscribed into it is the sign of Ouroboros, the three drakes eating eachothers tails in a circle. Within the circle, a pentagram is painted in black ichor and at the center, you see a tree. It is the ritual tree Wilhelm resides in. More branches and roots have turned black than before. In front of it, kneeled at the ground, arms tied behind his back sits the Hierophant, still muttering words, eyes still black.
> 
> Behind the tree stand three tall figures, two are ogres, comparable to the ones you saw before, but between them is standing something you've never seen before. It is an old woman, three meters tall. Her hair is clumped and dirty, her skin is grey, eyes are red. She is standing hunched over. You've heard the stories, this is a hag, but the stories never mentioned they could get so big. In between the furry mess that is her coat, you see her two hands appearing, each side showing six long purple fingers of which two are thumbs. The hag's fingers, decorated with black sharp nails, start twisting in manners you haven't seen before. Another branch turns black and a shimmer of arcane light shoots up toward the black mass in between the clouds. Two gigantic arms appear from the mass, covered in dark smoke, as it grabs the arcane light and pulls it into the darkness.
> 
> The hag notices you, as it starts to cackle, "Finally done with your distractions? Why don't you stay for a cup of tea, my children haven't been properly fed yet."
Fight:
- Annis Hag: B3-16 
    - Remember, DR5/Bludgeoning
    - Use spells found in spellcards; these spells only work if at least three hags are present, the other two are hiding in the forest and will run off if the Annis dies
- Two Ogre Bruisers: MC-155