# 038: 20-08-2020
## Intro
In the life of adventurers there are good days and then there are bad days. Having a blackened sky gorging on the souls of the innocent in a normally peaceful mountain cove is generally considered a bad day. Spending your time recovering from such bad days while imbibing the foulest and the best of drinks, playing games, making plans with your friends, those are examples of good days. With both sorts of days behind them, no one can tell which type they'll see today, all they know is that they have a few days of travel ahead of them.
After a softspoken breakfast with Wilhelm at the Will'o Wisp, the recently revived Captain retreated himself to recover. The group collected their belongings and made themselves ready to go. What is their next destination, Arcadia, the magical capital of the concord, Talsworth, the homestead of the Ringkeepers, or are they going to uncover the mysteries of Meows old home?
## Prep
Summary
Eventually the players are making their way to Baltica, to get there they will receive a map, but nothing will be on it. They need to filfrom here they need to teleport to Thieves' End, head southbound along lake *Nereidisha* towards the Teroll Bridge to cross the green stream, through the top part of a woodland called *The Wild Belt.* They will reach a crossroads and need to head north Towards Baltica.
## Intro - To and From Thieves End
The players will probably first go to Arcadia. Find out a way to hand them the map that you've printed. Information about the Forest Borderlands is lackluster at best. Most keep to themselves. Thieves' End is a so called Candidate Member of the Arcadian Concord, so even information on them is slim. Players need to head on over there before setting off to Baltica. Give them the name of the Lake: *Nereidisha,* a name that has something to do with local folklore.
Usable NPC:
> Groswin Blathers
> 
> 'You see a man in his early thirties. He is lucky that he is pulling off the wake-up look because his blonde curls are in all directions but the right one. Under one arm he is carrying a collection of scrolls, in the other, a larger collection of scrolls. His round glasses are on the tip of his nose, and as he tried to push it up a bit with his shoulder one scroll starts sliding away. In a panicked movement trying to save it, the poor man drops most of his dusty scrolls. The frustrated green eyes catch yours and his whole messy demeanor changes, as he straightens his back and says "Can I help you?"'
> 
> Groswin can be found in the geology section of the University
Let players prep in Thieves' End or Arcadia.
## Departure
The players head south and will reach their first crossroads. Along the water goes the *Lakeroad,* to the west the *Coastway.*
Continuing on south, the players will reach the first river, one that they need to cross. They can choose to swim (water combat) or to continue along the road towards Teroll Bridge.
Water Encounter
Four River drakes (B3-107) - HP 34
Init: 17,13,14,15
## Teroll Bridge 
A small guardhouse is built alongside the bridge and a gate closes off the bridge. Two Troll Brutes (MC-227) defend the bridge and require money (500gp) or to solve three riddles:
- I have a tail, and I have a head, but i have no body. I am NOT a snake. What am I? 
    - A Coin
- What five long word become shorter when you add two letters? 
    - Short
- What belongs to you, but other people use it more than you do? 
    - Your name
> Zoljin and Erasto
## Eastward
Either after crossing the bridge or the river, the players will head east along the Nereidisha. They will see a cart coming along, the card is a typical gypsy cart, with a tanned man sitting in front, leading the two oxen forward as his wife is singing a song.
> Aahmes (M) and Anku (F) of the Snake tribe, fleeing their tribe after the birth of their son, the seek help to lift their sons curse. Wherever they go, bad omens appear. It's not that actually anything bad happens, but the omens are enough to be outcasts. They haven't named him yet until the curse is removed, but are open for suggestions.
> 
> (reminder, other tribes are Bear, Wolf, Eagle and Owl)
Stay the night with them as you set up camp. Make up some bad omens.
## Crossroads
At the end of the Lakeroad lies a t junction, the road is named the *Lightroad.* It runs from Baltica southward along Vandamere towards Roughton.
## Northward
Music: stressful, make them run for it.
A storm is brewing, rain is coming down hard. Lighting strikes the earth a few meters beside the players, have the players run toward Baltica. Have the session end on Meow being struck by lightning and being close to death.
Start next session with the first twenty minutes without Meow before he wakes up.