# 043: 19-03-2021
https://shmeppy.com/game/1993728810  
  
Gevecht afmaken en nasleep
__
Fight: Let Woof kill Tarrok and grab his body, dashing away in the forest. Then finish off the Maulers
### Start of session
- Give them a moment to come to terms with it
- Mention that ghosts are gathering at the circle, standing at the border.
- One of the ghosts enters the circle, it is Meows predecessor, he has forgotten his name, he has forgotten too much. 
    - Working name: Druma
- Speak to Mohik, explain that there are eternal water spirits in this forest, they are the third party, creatures of Pharasma. Only in rare exceptions do they contact the living. They protected the peace and the gate centuries before even the Druma arrived. 
    - The family was seen as the source of the disturbances.
    - The family was given Mohik as a lesson, that good things come from the Moors and it should be left alone.
    - As this was to no avail, the water spirits acquired the help of the monster that enacted the massacre two years ago.
    - The family of meow was brought before the water spirits to receive judgement.
    - Their spirits were to be dissolved to energy, as they were not allowed to pass on to the other side.
    - Claim that they should not exist anymore
- If Meow protests, that he has been contacted by the spirits, let the Druma show some hope. Tell them to find the water spirits in this forests before sunrise, as this is the last full moon before the ghosts and water spirits dissappear again for a month.
- Then say the following:
> Lastly, I wish to give you a gift. This gift will last until sunrise, just as everyone of us. Use this gift as a guide through the forest, as a thought to moments past, and as a final goodbye.
> 
> *To your right a soft blue light emanated from the ground, right where Tarrok was taken. A figure emerges, translucent and softly glowing, you recognize the half orc. Tarrok.*
> 
> You must return to the treehouse. Your friend will be able to show you how to progress from there. Seek audience from the water spirits, but be wary, you are now branded as enemies of the Moors, even you, new Druma. Find them and pledge your loyalty to the Moors
### Treehouse
- The tree has runes on it that are in Elvish, Tarrok can see them. 
    - The runes say: "Only those guided by the damned may enter, for they will be damned themselves. Kneel for your fate."
- If the players kneel, the tree will split, leading to a ladder/manhole
### Siphon
The ladder descends to a small platform in the middle of a round room. Below and around the platform, about 7 meters down, is water gushing clockwise in a maelstrom. On four sides of the room are openings in the wall, two meters wide, from which water is falling down into the vortex. It seems that each opening has a stone plate in front of it hanging from iron chains, which covers about 90% of the hole. On the platform are four rotating levers. Each stone plate has a different rune on it in elvish, describing the following words:
- Vortex
- Maelstrom
- Whirlwind
- Tornado
Solution: Each lever opens up the channels more by elevating the stone plates, causing more water to spill and causing the violent water levels to rise. The gates can be closed completely, but the water won't disappear. The solution is to have the water raise as high as possible, causing the water to go ankle high. The water will then suddenly drain completely as the water stops coming from the channels. The stone plates will drop to the floor and shatter. Down below is a grate that needs to be broken to reach to the next area.
### Tablet puzzle
This room has four monoliths like the city is surrounded with. Along the floor are scattered several stone tablets with elven runes inscribed on them:
- Vortex, Rain, Torrent, Hail, Winds, Shiver, Maelstrom, Gust, Current, Wave, Whirlwind, Snow, Blizzard, Frost, Tornado
Each monolith has a small socket for one of the tablets. Putting in the wrong one makes the room colder. Making two mistakes puts the room at freezing temperature. Below that the players will get frost damage over time. Start a two minute timer before they collapse.
If they get it correct the floor will collapse as the players will fall on to a pond after a 20 meter fall where they can swim to a small island with a tree, which looks like the tree where Mohik's treehouse was built in.
### Small island
Once on the island, a water spirit in the shape of woof appears, the spirit of the first druma and the spirit of the first P'thumeran appear. There they need to convince that Meow is going to fulfil his role as the new Druma. They will explain that the parents sacrificed their souls for the spirits of the children, who were bound to different animals by runes:
- Marash the troublemaker was bound to a parrot.
- Leysha the studious was bound to an owl
- Shaley the clever was bound to a raven
- Iley the Pious was bound to a dove
- Genza the young was bound to a sparrow
And the birds were released into the world.
The party will probably not be able to convince the spirits, but they will have a task for him. First he must calm Woof, after which, he must find the next P'thumeran. Hinto, may not know this, but she is on her last days. Find one of the other gates to the afterlife on this world, for they already may be born. If Mohik/Meow can complete this task, he will be granted the ability to undo the runes and free the spirits of his siblings.
Then: make Woof appear, who now has one head. Make it a fight with a weakened down cerberi.