# Overview
This session is intended to reveal the bleakness of this world and show how harsh things can be, but also show that in these dour moments, kindness can be all the more sweet, perhaps bittersweet, but sweet nonetheless.:
- The heroes will explore the newly found room more
- They will leave the cave looking for Kreg Orlov, but he's nowhere to be found. In fact, as they walk into town they are met with silence. Everyone will seem to be gone, but they are gathered at the market square. 
- Over there, the young thieves that were apprehended last session are hung, as the entire crowd watches silently, as Sister Halvine prays for them. It is revealed that she hung them. Behind her will stand a group of followers, fellow sisters, sent by the capital, to collect on the debt of the Embergrave family on behalf of the TRC
- Have one of the hung people be the carriage driver (Veyra in disguise), it will wake up, spit on the house of embergrave, spit on the queen and then will dissappear. 
- Lord Hieran Embergrave has returned. He is a stern, dark and contemplative man and will release the heroes from their bonds, but will offer them a favor in addition to a free train ride to the capital if they aid with one more task. Take a moment to explicitly mention that while Hieran has not ordered the hangings of the youths, it is only because he was beaten to it.
- Goal of this session: set up the second part of the Embergrave Arc, where the heroes must prepare to go deeper into the mines to find a secret artifact that was found just before the monsters came in, clearly attracted to this item. Finding it and donating it to the queen may improve their standings with the queen. There is a deadline. With the upper levels of the caverns cleared, work will begin to rebuild that level to start mining ASAP. In one week, the horrible flesh monster that was crawled through last session will be dealt with, one week after that, work will begin again, the players must find that artifact in that window before the sisters go down themselves to inspect the mines.

# Opening
Down in Gully Hill, the three of you found yourself fighting for your own innocence as you are tasked, nay, compelled to clear the upper level of the Deepcut Mines, under threat of livelong servitude of the Embergrave estate.